Document the RWM pipeline passes (#92)
powdr-labs/womir: src/loader/rwm/FLATTENING.md

   reverse topological order.
2. **Cycles:** Every register is both source and destination. Requires a temporary
   register to break the cycle.
3. **Cycles with attached trees:** A single cycle with trees branching off. The
   tree-pruning phase naturally breaks the cycle through source-swapping.

### The Algorithm (`sequence_parallel_copies.rs`)

**Phase 1 — Tree pruning:**
1. Find all "tree ends" (registers with no outgoing edges, i.e., destination-only).
2. For each tree end, emit the copy from its source and remove the edge.
3. Apply **source-swapping**: transfer the source's remaining outgoing edges to the
   just-written destination. This is the key insight — since the destination now
   holds the same value as the original source, it can serve as the source for
   remaining copies, potentially breaking a connected cycle.
4. If the original source now has no outgoing edges but has an incoming edge, it
   becomes a new tree end. Repeat until no tree ends remain.

**Phase 2 — Cycle breaking:**
1. The remaining graph consists only of pure cycles.
2. Pick a temporary register — either reuse a destination register from Phase 1

>    (since it was already written and can serve double duty before Phase 1's copies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   (since its original value is never read it can serve double duty before Phase 1's copies
```
